Added documentation for CSS properties: reading-flow and reading-order (#38859)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reading-order/index.md

---
title: reading-order
slug: Web/CSS/reading-order
page-type: css-property
browser-compat: css.properties.reading-order
---

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`reading-order`** property lets the author change where in the reading flow an item is visited, overriding the position set by the [reading-flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/reading-flow) property on its parent. It takes a single `<integer>` value, which specifies which ordinal group the item belongs to. Sibling elements are ordered starting from the lowest numbered ordinal group and going up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`reading-order`** property lets the author set the positions of individual block, flex, or grid items inside the reading order of a container, overriding the order set via the container's [reading-flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/reading-flow) property value.
```

If the reading order of two items is equivalent, the [reading-flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/reading-flow) property breaks the tie.

## Syntax

```css
reading-flow: <integer>;

> ```

Reviewer: Again, include the global values.

> 

Reviewer: Include a `### Value` section, like in the other page, which contains a description of what the integer is.

## Formal definition

{{cssinfo}}

## Examples

### Grid Rows

> In this example there are six grid items, the [grid-auto-flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/grid-auto-flow) property has a value of dense, therefore items may display out of source order. The `reading-order` property on the item with a class of [top](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/top) is -1 Therefore Item 4 will be the first item in reading flow. The remaining items will be visited in the order they display in rows, as [reading-flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/reading-flow) has a value of [grid-rows](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/grid-row).

Reviewer: Again, it'd be nice to see an example that allows you to set a few different `reading-order` values to see what they effect is, and includes instructions on how to test it.
